How?
Yun Nian is the heir to the first family in Zhonghai
Red Door will definitely give him face
I went to beg him to help Lu Ming talk about it
That kid has already plotted against you
Your uncle was right
In Zhonghai
Even the hero draws the head dragon and dares not to press it
Hongmen, this low-headed snake
Yoga is useless even if it is the first stone armor in the sea
What to do then?
We will definitely not let Lu Ming go.
Tenglongyan is coming soon
In the eyes of this result
If Hongmen dares to commit evil
It is tantamount to staging for the Mad Dragon King and Zhao War God
I want my dad to have some connection with the Mad Dragon King
I will let my father go to ask the king of heaven
Dare to touch my son and court death for me
How about I give you all the money, big brother?
Please forgive me.
Paying off debts is natural
When did it become you bargaining with me?
Price capital
Decide how to die
Dad, help me
Stop what?
What are you from?
Pass my red door tonight
Not the east gate
Destroy your red door